now when you've got peas that you've
actually managed to get hold of as early
as late spring you'll find they're very
small like this and they can cook in
just minutes but as the season tends to
go on they tend to become a little bit
larger can take a little bit longer to
cook so I would say fresh Peas can be
anything from two to three minutes to 10
minutes that has been well salted to
make sure that we can retain all of that
lovely color and put the flavor into
them as well now of course it's also
time to cook the fish this I'm just
going to pan fry over something I like
to do with these wonderful Phillips it's
just to score the skin two to three
little incisions like that and then
seasoning with salt and pepper on the
actual fresh side and on the skin side
is just going to be salt only and these
are going to be lightly dusted in flour
to help achieve that sort of crackling
topping which you know I like a little
touch of oil you can use olive oil or
ground at all olive oil give you quite a
nice flavor now cooking a piece of fish
like this should only take sort of five
or six minutes really before you turn it
over and of course then I'm going to
turn the pan out and the heat that's
been retained in the pan will continue
the cooking while of course you're
dressing up the rest of the dish they'll
to finish the dish I'm only going to
need between sort of four and six
tablespoons of this actual oil so we can
pop the herbs in now because at the
moment it's just the oil touch the
seasoning in here ready to help the peas
along
just throughout the 75 grounds cooked
peas squeeze of lime just at the end
remember this has already been seasoned
and they look at the fish now I want to
show you this you can see for changing
color we're coming from sort of a white
to a pink and then into this little deep
orangey color of the fish itself and
you'll also notice that you can see the
skin on the base there is crisping quite
nicely I'm going to add just a very very
small knob of butter so as it continues
to cook in the pan will have that butter
just gently bubbling and working its way
into the actual fish itself right now
it's time to dress the dish now what I'm
going to do is just do a nice little
trickle of these around the plate we're
creating this lovely sort of green
border of sweet peas
let's take some of the oil from there
just a little there's a little bit
around like that
now the cauliflower puree now this
should be just warm
you